feat: RFC-0759: check npm and github for template (#2334)
react-native-community/cli: docs/commands.md

> Available since 0.60.0

> > **IMPORTANT**: Please note that this command is not available through `react-native-cli`, hence you need to either invoke it directly from the `@react-native-community/cli`  package which proxies binary to this CLI since 0.60.0, so it's possible to use it with e.g. `npx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT**: Please note that this command is not available through `react-native-cli`, hence you need to invoke it directly from the `@react-native-community/cli` package if you want to use it with e.g. `npx`.
```

Uses a custom app title instead of `<projectName>`.

#### `--template-version <string>

> Use a specific version of the [Community Template](https://github.com/react-native-community/template).  This is a shortcut for `--template @react-native-community/template@<version>`. It will default to the latest version if the `--template-version` argument isn't provided.

Reviewer: Do we expect users to use this? It seems unnecessary at first, but as we have it right now it's ok to keep it

Author: It can be stripped because we can achieve the same effect with `--template`.

Reviewer: If possible, I won't expose it at first. It's yet another flag/api to maintain. We can still expose it if a user needs it afterwards
